fingerprint: update storage fingerprint freebytes calculation (#27019)
hashicorp/nomad: website/content/docs/upgrade/upgrade-specific.mdx

## Nomad 1.11.0

#### Storage fingerprinting has been simplified

Nomad will now calculate the storage available for scheduling using only
`totalBytes - client.reserved.disk`. As such, the `client.disk_free_mb` field
is now ignored. Nomad will also no longer attempt to calculate the free disk
space, as this changes when clients with running allocations restart. Users are

> recommended to reserve at least the amount of disk that is used by the host OS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Storage fingerprinting calculation changed

Nomad now calculates the storage available for scheduling using only
`totalBytes - client.reserved.disk`. 
Nomad ignores the `client.disk_free_mb` field. Nomad also no longer attempts to
calculate the free disk space, as this changes when clients with running
allocations restart. We recommend that you reserve at least the amount of disk
that is used by the host OS.
```

Replaced "simplified" and some other style nits.
